(high energy music)
- Let's take a look at one way to complete the challenge.
In order to solve the challenge,
you needed to create two steps.
One to thank the customer
and one to give them a refund.
So I'm going to go ahead and copy our LeaveAtDoorStep
and I'll place that step within our class twice.
And then I'm going to go ahead
and modify it so that we have a refund step.
And we'll just need to change the name of our method
and then we'll change the console output
and then we'll also create our Thank the Customer step.
So the refund step will be executed
when we have given the customer the incorrect item
and the thank the customer step will be executed
when we've given them the correct item.
And then we'll change the console output here.
Okay, so we have our two steps.
Now we need to create a new job execution decider,
so I'm going to create a new class
and I'm going to name that class ReceiptDecider.
And that class needs to implement
the JobExecutionDecider interface.
So we can go ahead and select that interface
and then hit finish.
And our new decider is going to be built.
Now this decider is going to determine
whether or not we have delivered the correct package
to the customer.
And we said we have a 70% chance of doing that.
So let's add the logic to make that determination.
So I'm going to add a new string
and we'll name it exitCode
and then in order to add that 70% chance,
I'm going to use a new random
and using that random I'm going to get a float
and then I'll check to see if that float is less than .7.
If it is, that means we have delivered the correct item.
And if it is not, that means we have delivered
the incorrect item.
I'll add a little bit of console output
so we can see what was decided.
We'll just say, "The item delivered is:"
and then we'll add our exitCode
and then we need to return our custom exit status.
So to do that, we create a new flow execution status
and using its constructor,
we simply pass in our string containing the exitCode.
In this case, it's going to be either correct or incorrect.
Now, if we navigate back over to our application,
I'm going to navigate to the top of the class,
and here we're going to define our new decider,
or our job execution decider as a bean
and all we need to do here is return a new ReceiptDecider.
Okay, so we have our two steps
and our new JobExecutionDecider,
we just need to navigate to the bottom
of our class to modify our job configuration
in order to include the conditional logic.
So the only time that we are going to execute
this decider in this new conditional flow
is when the customer is present
and we give the package to the customer.
So here we can specify the next transition
and we're going to specify that we navigate
to our ReceiptDecider
and then based upon the custom exit status
returned by that ReceiptDecider, if it is correct
then we're going to thank our customer.
Okay, now we need to specify the ElseIf or the From
and we're going to be navigating
from the ReceiptDecider and if the exit status
returned by the ReceiptDecider is incorrect,
then we're going to navigate to the RefundStep,
so we want to include that step.
And now we have the job configuration in place.
There's one last thing we need to do.
You'll notice we're only going to perform
this conditional logic when the customer is present
and so that we don't have to execute a bunch of tests,
I'm going to go to the DeliveryDecider
and here I'm just going to make it
that the customer is always present.
So right now I'm executing this afternoon
and that's going to cause the customer
to be present by flipping that conditional.
Okay, so everything is in place.
And we can navigate to the terminal
and within the terminal, I'm just going to run
our delivery job and we'll see
if the customer receives the correct item.
Okay, so you can see that the customer was present
and we gave the package to the customer.
Here we can see that it was the correct item,
so we thanked the customer.
That completes our solution for the challenge.
I hope it tied a lot of the concepts
in this chapter together for you
and allowed you to get a better handle
on job flow and execution.